To do:

Finish home page:
XUnderstand templates to remove title at top
XMake all those steps bubble open with details below
 - Make bubbling smoother
 - Make bubbles nicer colors
 - Fill in all content
 
 - Fix functions.php to include produciton version of react on live site

Before you begin: Change your habits
 - Make first three steps preliminary?
Follow the steps:
 - Turn 7 into separate steps?
The rules of investing:
 - The 8 rules of investing


Reblancing tool: (Forget what this is about)
Use a multi-range slider? https://leaverou.github.io/multirange/
Drop down of daily, monthly, quarterly, yearly
Live pie chart of asset allocation?
Live chart of returns compared to unbalanced... Growth of $10,000
Show dates invested


Funds:
VFINX (76)
VGTSX (96)
VBMFX (86)


 - List of articles all coming up at AT-T?!
 - Add chart annotations for specific dates?
 - Hover help stuff on inflation, monthly investment, etc
 - Friendly form verification (retirement age must be a number and <100 and >= current age)


Non-MVP
 - High scores list
   - Best score ever
   - Best score of the day
   - Trends by number of trades
 - Session scores

Site stuff
 - Make some sort of coherent home page
 - Make a "category" page for just texts?
 - Look into bootstrap.build

Other projects:
 - Build out text messages
 - Value of rebalancing tool... US, international and bond funds 
 - Build a "beat the index" game (Pick 10 oldest stocks in the Dow Jones... checkboxes next to each, random 10 year period)
 - Lottery simulator (one per named game?)
 - Some sort of visualization for the study that looked at actively managed mutual funds vs index funds. (Runners in a race... 3rd out of 1,000)
 - Interactive what to do with money tool?
 - Landing page

Notes:
 - Yahoo Finance let's us download historical data, including dividends... But the prices and dividends come separately. Getting it into a single table might be rough (do we need to?)
 - The adjusted price does include dividends reinvested.
   - https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/VFINX/history

XCommit everything to source
XFinish no cowboy coding thing
XInclude real data
XPick random start/end times for 10 year period - Create "Start state" with instructions and start button to start the click
XImplement buy/sell buttons, track actual growth
X"Play again/Finish/Ride it out/Done" button runs out the clock (as fast as possible... calculate the whole chart before drawing?)
XInstall better theme: https://wordpress.org/themes/devdmbootstrap4/
XDocument how to switch themes  
 XCreate scoreboard below chart
  XYour net worth
  XBuy and hold
XFix axis to show % growth and time frame
XYour growth of $10,000 vs buy and hold
XTime period involved
XNumber of trades
XNumber of trades
XWire up reset buttons (hide uneccessary buttons)
XCreate end state showing
XPercent growth
Xfavicon
XDo a git deploy (might involve paying hosting more money)
XDocument deploy process and database syncing
XTest on shitty hardware (chromebook?! old windows machine, different browser)
XUse Phinx to set up database migrations
XAdd indexes to columns?
XAdd REST API: https://v2.wp-api.org/extending/adding/
XRead article above to better understand why they do things?
XServer saving of scores
XCall Rest API, have it enter complete data
XSet up scoreboard with simple results
XFormat record board (move it outside of game)
XInstall Google analytics
XMake mobile friendly (CSS media queries)
XFix funky scrolling when you hit start
XClean up faster/slower buttons
XLook at size of vfinx.js and reduce whitespace and decimals
XMake sure all the records with the domain are correct (non www version?)
XBUG: Clicking start too soon breaks stuff
Fix formatting
XFix all caps headlines
XAdd news article icon to chart?
XInclude articles, dates and links in results
XMake news articles work on resetting game
XMake sure there's a reasonable space after each headline change (maybe increment from the last headline?)
XMake sure it fits on mobile
XRemove all javascript console logging (way to minify and do this automatically or something?)
XHeadlines of the day (wall street journal, your uncle, CNN money, Jim Kramer, Bloomberg?!)
XMake work for stock market
XAdd net worth boxes
XFix x-axis visibility
XFix for mobile
XChoose "last X years of S&P 500"
XChoose "Random period of S&P 500"
XStarting investment
XMonthly investment
XRetirement age
XAnnual cost of living
X"Account for inflation" check box?
XMake work if starting values aren't changed (onload?)
